Evolution Robotics Software Platform
Software Development Kit
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

EVOLUTION ROBOTICS, INC. ("Evolution") IS WILLING TO LICENSE THIS
SOFTWARE TO YOU ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS IN THIS LICENSE (the "License") AND INDICATE YOUR
ACCEPTANCE.  PLEASE READ THE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE INDICATING YOUR
ACCEPTANCE.  BY ACCEPTING THIS LICENSE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE
READ THIS LICENSE, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS
AND CONDITIONS.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT
INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1.Written Licenses and Order of Precedence.  In the event of a
conflict between the terms and conditions of this License and any
written license executed by Evolution and you governing your use of
the Evolution software accompanying this License and related
documentation (the "Software"), such written license shall control.
For example, the terms and conditions of such written license may
allow you to install and use the Software on multiple computers,
notwithstanding the provisions set forth in this License.

2.Grant of License.  The Software is licensed to you by Evolution, and
its use is subject to this License.  Evolution grants to you a
limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable right to use the
Software solely as described in the Software documentation and as set
forth herein.  You may install and use the Software on one computer
only.  The Software may be used solely for internal development and
testing purposes.  The Software may not be used for public,
production, or commercial purposes.  To the extent that you use the
Software to create new applications and programs ("Target
Applications") that require incorporation of portions of the Software,
Evolution grants you the right to reproduce the Software or parts
thereof in conjunction with and as part of the Target Applications,
solely upon the following conditions: (i) your development of the
Target Applications is for your own internal development and testing
purposes only, (ii) you do not sell, release, distribute, or transmit
the Software in any fashion, including as incorporated in the Target
Applications; (iii) you do not use the Target Applications in a
public, production, or commercial environment, and (iv) you do not
violate any terms or conditions of this License, including
restrictions on reverse engineering.

3.Licensing.  Except as set forth above, no other license is granted
hereunder to copy or reproduce any portion of the Software as part of
any Target Application; in the event that you wish to sell,
distribute, or commercially use or exploit your Target Applications in
any fashion, you must obtain a separate license from Evolution.
Licenses may not be available for certain products, industries, or
uses; Evolution may grant exclusive licenses to third parties
subsequent to your entering into this License, which third party
licenses may restrict your right to obtain licenses from Evolution
pertaining to your Target Applications.  You may contact Evolution at
any time regarding the availability of licenses for your Target
Applications, but Evolution makes no representation that any such
license shall be available, remain available, or be available on terms
that are acceptable to you.  Until such licenses have been executed by
you and Evolution, your development of Target Applications using the
Software shall not be deemed to be any representation by Evolution
that you will be able to obtain a suitable license to use or exploit
the Target Applications.  Evolution reserves all rights not expressly
granted to you.

4.Educational Licenses.  If you have received the Software under an
educational discount or similar educational licensing program, then
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein: (i) you may
use the software solely for non-commercial educational/classroom
purposes; (ii) you may not use the Software for direct or indirect
commercial purposes; (iii) you must comply with licensing restrictions
set forth in your purchase order or documentation, including per-seat,
per-student, or other licensing restrictions; and (iv) you will comply
with all restrictions set forth in this License, including
restrictions on use and distribution of Target Applications.  No
rights to use the Software for commercial, for-profit, or
government-sponsored purposes, direct or indirect, are granted
hereunder for any Software licensed pursuant to an educational
discount or similar educational licensing program.

5.Backup Copies.  You may make only one (1) copy of the Software in
tangible object code form for purposes of backup, provided that such
copy includes a reproduction of any notices, including without
limitation patent, copyright, trademark, and confidentiality notices,
appearing in or on the Software.  Unauthorized copying of the Software
or of the written materials or other documentation is expressly
forbidden.

6.Restrictions.  You may not: (i) delete the copyright notices or any
other proprietary legends on or in the Software; (ii) decompile,
modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reproduce the
Software, or create derivative works based on the Software; (iii)
copy, rent, lend, lease, sublicense, distribute, assign, or
commercially exploit the Software; or (iv) use the Software in any
manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair Evolution's
or any other party's search services, servers, or other services.

7.Third Party Software.  The University of British Columbia ("UBC")
retains all property, right, title and interest in and to the Object
Recognition Software Module and without limitation, all UBC trademarks
and other intellectual property rights in the Object Recognition
Software Module.  Evolution has obtained the right from UBC to grant
licenses of the Object Recognition Software Module and related
documentation, if any, to other parties.  Except as and only to the
extent expressly permitted in this License or by applicable law, you
may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or modify the
Object Recognition Software Module, and you may not copy, modify,
distribute or create derivative works of the Object Recognition
Software Module documentation, if any.  The use of any other third
party materials included in the Software shall be governed by the
applicable third party license agreements and not by this License,
whether such third party license agreements are presented for
acceptance the first time that the third party software is invoked, is
included in a file in electronic form, or is included in printed form.

8.Ownership and Relationship of Parties.  Evolution and Evolution
licensors own all right, title, and interest in and to the Software.
This License grants you no right, title, or ownership interest in any
intellectual property owned or licensed by Evolution, including the
Software and Evolution and third party trademarks.  You agree that you
will use the Software for your own use only, and will not in any way
rent, loan, subcontract, or otherwise commercially exploit the
Software.  All rights in any third party data, any third party
software, and any third party data servers, including all ownership
rights, are reserved and remain with the respective third parties. You
agree that these third parties may enforce their rights under this
License against you directly in their own name.  The Software is
protected by one or more of the following U.S. patents: 6,711,293, and
other patents pending.

9.Support and Maintenance.  Except as may be provided in a separate
maintenance and support agreement, Evolution shall be under no
obligation to maintain or support the Software, or furnish you with
any further assistance, documentation, or information of any nature.
Evolution shall have no obligation under this License for corrections
of errors or problems that are due to your development related to the
Software, or that cannot be remedied due to the operational
characteristics of the computer equipment on which the Software is
used.

10.Confidentiality.  The Software contains valuable trade secrets of
Evolution and Evolution's licensors, the unauthorized disclosure of
which would cause irreparable harm to Evolution and/or its licensors.
You shall not disclose the Software, nor any terms, conditions, or
prices contained in this License, to any third parties and shall not
use the Software other than for the purposes authorized by this
License. This confidentiality obligation shall continue after any
termination of this License.

11.Termination.  Either party may terminate this License: (i)
immediately by written notice upon material breach by the other party
of this License, if such breach cannot be remedied; or (ii) by written
notice if the other party fails to cure any remediable material breach
of this License within thirty (30) days of receipt of written notice
of such breach.  The parties waive and release each other from any
claim to compensation or indemnity related to the permitted or lawful
termination of this License.  Upon termination, you must uninstall,
remove, and delete all copies and installations of the Software, and
all rights granted under this License shall immediately cease.

12.Disclaimer of Warranty on Software.  Evolution disclaims any
responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of the Software.
The software is provided "As Is," with no warranties
whatsoever.  Evolution expressly disclaims to the fullest extent
permitted by law all express, implied, and statutory warranties,
including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary
rights.  Evolution disclaims any warranties regarding the security,
reliability, timeliness, and performance of the software.  You
understand and agree that YOUR use OF the software IS at your own
discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any
damages to your computer system or loss of data that results from the
use of the software.  Some states or other jurisdictions do not allow
the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not
apply to you.  You may also have other rights that vary from state to
state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

THE SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED, INTENDED, OR LICENSED FOR USE IN
HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS or applications REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE CONTROLS,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE OR
OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION, control OR
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC, LIFE SUPPORT, WEAPONS SYSTEMS, or
other applications involving inherent risk to Human life or property.
EVOLUTION SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
FITNESS FOR SUCH PURPOSEs, and notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, no license is granted to YOU to use the
software in any such application.

13.Limitation of Liability.  Under no circumstances shall Evolution be
liable to you on account of your use or misuse of the software.  Such
limitation of liability shall apply to prevent recovery of direct,
indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, and punitive
damages whether such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort
(including negligence), or otherwise (even if Evolution has been
advised of the possibility of such damages).  Such limitation of
liability shall apply whether the damages arise from use or misuse of
and reliance on the software, from inability to use the software, or
from the interruption, suspension, or termination of the software
(including such damages incurred by third parties).  Such limitation
shall apply notwithstanding a failure of essential purpose of any
limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Some
states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation
of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
EVOLUTION'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES ARISING UNDER THIS
LICENSE EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE
LICENSE(S) SET FORTH HEREIN.

14.Remedies.  If the Software is found to infringe any third party
rights as determined by a court of final appeal, or in Evolution's
opinion is likely to be found to infringe, Evolution may elect to (i)
obtain for you the right to continue using the Software; (ii) replace
or modify the Software so that it becomes non-infringing; or if
neither of these alternatives is reasonably available, (iii) terminate
this License and refund your net book value for the Software.
Evolution has no obligation under this License for any claims that
result from (a) use of the Software in combination with any equipment,
software or data not provided by Evolution; (b) Evolution's compliance
with designs or specifications provided by you; or (c) modification of
the Software not performed by Evolution. THIS SECTION STATES THE
ENTIRE LIABILITY OF Evolution, AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES, FOR CLAIMS
OF INFRINGEMENT.

15.Export Control. You may not use, acquire, ship, transport, export,
or re-export the Software, except as authorized by Evolution and as
permitted by applicable law.  The Software may not be acquired,
shipped, transported, exported, or re-exported (i) into any
U.S. embargoed country, (ii) to a national or resident of any
U.S. embargoed country, or (iii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury
Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the
U.S. Department of Commerce's Table of Denial Orders. You represent
and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a
national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

16.Government End Users.  If the Software is supplied to or on behalf
of the United States Government, then the Software is deemed to be
"commercial software" as that term is used in the Federal Acquisition
Regulation system.  Rights of the United States shall not exceed the
minimum rights set forth in FAR 52.227-19 for "restricted computer
software".  All other terms and conditions of this License apply.

17.Indemnification.  You agree to indemnify and hold Evolution and its
affiliates and each of their employees, contractors, agents, officers,
and directors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, made by any third party in connection with or arising
out of your use of the Software, the Target Applications, your
violation of any terms or conditions of this License, your violation
of applicable laws, or your violation of the rights of any other
person or entity.

18.Choice of Law and Venue.  This license shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California,
exclusive of its choice of law or conflicts of law rules.  The
exclusive venue for all litigation regarding or arising out of this
license shall be in Los Angeles County, California and you agree to
submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in Los Angeles County,
California for such litigation. The United Nations Convention on the
International Sale of Goods does not apply to this License.

19.Miscellaneous.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to supersede or
derogate from Evolution's remedies at law for any violation of this
License or applicable law.  If any provision of this License is
unenforceable, the rest of it shall remain in effect. This License
constitutes the entire integrated agreement between you and Evolution
with respect to the use of the Software and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications and representations
with respect to the Software or any other subject matter covered by
this License.  Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any
right under this License will not create a continuing waiver or any
expectation of non-enforcement. Failure by either party to enforce any
provision of this License shall not be deemed to be a waiver of future
enforcement of that or any other provision or right granted hereunder.
You may not assign this License or any of the rights granted under
this License either in whole or in part without the prior written
consent of Evolution, and any attempted assignment or delegation
without such consent will be void.  No amendment to this License will
be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized
representative of each party.
 
